Phil decided to stay a little longer, and as time passed it seemed if the stange little man had never been there, but for the other glass on the table.
Toward the end of his fourth hairy highball, while he was making wet ring on the table-top with the bottom of the glass, he became aware that he was not alone.
Haney swished the liquor in the bottom of his glass.
Got back to Balinas, and everything and fallen:broken poster frames with glass on the floor, file cabinets open or dumped onto the floor.
Endless second wondering if those huge windows would buckle and shower us with glass.
Haney peered doubtfully at his drinking companion through bleary, tear-filled eyes.
But his new-found buddy had matched him drink for drink until he lost count, and the man's eyes were still clear.
The guy is off his rocker, Haney thought to himself, and looked away from those eyes.
Eyes that were clear, but also bright with a strange intersity, a sort of cold fire burning behind them.
Now he recalled it very clearly, wondered what the truck driver had seen in those eyes to make him back off.
But he decided he wouldn't mind company in return for free drinks, even though he made good money at his job.
Once inside his apartment, he poured a drink with trembling hands and flopped limply in a chair.
It was the same bar, and it was two weeks later--Saturday night, when he had an excuse to drink heavier than usual.
Why hadn't he noticed it before?
Haney watched the samll but wiry man slip out the door quickly and silently, and felt relieved to see that nobody else seemed to notice his departure.
Frank received a notice of eviction as missed three months of rent.
No power, minimal phones, and a mess of mayonnaise, wine, and everything else all over the floors of the big old general store and the People's Co-op.
Our pilot simply laughed, fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us, oh, a good 12-inches above the water level. 
Endless seconds wondering if those huge windows would buckle and shower us with glass.